README.md, before:

Hyde EX & Edmond Dantes port mod (V1) by ReallyReal

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-220077?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/mmasY9pd3Y)


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ae27da3-641e-4d23-b7f0-cba5e0b646b9

Installation steps:
1. Download the contents of this repo by cloning, using "Code > Download ZIP" above, or [clicking this link](https://github.com/ReallyRealer/Hyde-EX-Edmond-Dantes-Port-Mod/archive/refs/heads/main.zip). | Alternatively, use the [releases page](https://github.com/ReallyRealer/Hyde-EX-Edmond-Dantes-Port-Mod/releases/) to find the archive of the mod.
2. Open the game's directory in your file explorer. You may use Steam's "Browse Local Files" function to do this. Make sure it is the directory with "uni2.exe".
3. Unpack the modded folder contents of the game into the game's directory. For example, "___English" needs to be in the same folder as the game's executable. The folder should look something like the image below.
4. Launch the game
5. ????
6. Profit

![explorer_2024_0913-172353](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/976b0cff-a7d0-4a31-9c74-044b0be3f118)


Uninstallation steps:
1. Inside the "d" folder find "lzwp1onbeaejbkCh" and "oMtaqooqotvvonnpwmq"
2. Delete them
3. Find "lzwp1onbeaejbkCh_ORIGINAL" and "oMtaqooqotvvonnpwmq_ORIGINAL" 
4. Rename those two to "lzwp1onbeaejbkCh" and "oMtaqooqotvvonnpwmq"
5. Remove the ___English, data, grpdat, and se folders
6. The mod should be uninstalled now!
X. Alternatively, use Steam's Game Verification function after removing the folders if something breaks.

Commit message:

repo download broken needs further testing???

README.md, after:

Hyde EX & Edmond Dantes port mod (V1) by ReallyReal

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-220077?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/mmasY9pd3Y)


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ae27da3-641e-4d23-b7f0-cba5e0b646b9

Installation steps:
1. Please use the [releases page](https://github.com/ReallyRealer/Hyde-EX-Edmond-Dantes-Port-Mod/releases/) and download the mod from there for maximum compatibility.
2. Open the game's directory in your file explorer. You may use Steam's "Browse Local Files" function to do this. Make sure it is the directory with "uni2.exe".
3. Unpack the modded folder contents of the game into the game's directory. For example, "___English" needs to be in the same folder as the game's executable. The folder should look something like the image below.
4. Launch the game
5. ????
6. Profit

![explorer_2024_0913-172353](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/976b0cff-a7d0-4a31-9c74-044b0be3f118)


Uninstallation steps:
1. Inside the "d" folder find "lzwp1onbeaejbkCh" and "oMtaqooqotvvonnpwmq"
2. Delete them
3. Find "lzwp1onbeaejbkCh_ORIGINAL" and "oMtaqooqotvvonnpwmq_ORIGINAL" 
4. Rename those two to "lzwp1onbeaejbkCh" and "oMtaqooqotvvonnpwmq"
5. Remove the ___English, data, grpdat, and se folders
6. The mod should be uninstalled now!
X. Alternatively, use Steam's Game Verification function after removing the folders if something breaks.
